
# Contribution Guide

All are encouraged to contribute by way of submitting new Issues and Pull-Requests to help improve the quality of the project.  Please see individual sections below regarding each type of contributions. 

PRs with failing tests will not be merged; furthermore, PRs that decrease the project's test coverage will likely not be merged.  See [Testing and Coverage](#testing-and-coverage).

## Bugs
If you believe you have found a bug, please create an issue describing the bug, code that reproduces it, and the version of friends-of-friends you are using.  If possible, please provide a fix or suggest how the bug may be resolved.  

Please follow the [Pull Request Guidelines](#pull-request-guidelines) when submitting bugfixes.

## New Features
Please follow the [Pull Request Guidelines](#pull-request-guidelines) when proposing a new *semver-minor* feature.

## Breaking Changes
Breaking *semver-major* changes will only be considered if they dramatically improve stability, performance, and/or usability with minimal code modifications for end-users.  These changes should follow the [Pull Request Guidelines](#pull-request-guidelines), except that branches, rebases, and pull-requests should originate from, be based upon, and directed to the `next` branch.

## Pull Request Guidelines

1. Fork into `your_repo`.
2. Create a new branch `your-branch-x` from `master` (for new features, replace `x` with a meaningful name for the feature; for bugfixes, replace `x` with the respective GitHub issue number).
3. Implement your feature/bugfix in `your-branch-x`.  Please provide [jsdoc](http://usejsdoc.org/) compatible API documentation for new features (don't forget to credit yourself with the @author tag!).
4. Verify your feature/bugfix passes all *existing* tests. If it doesn't pass *existing* tests, please either fix your code or prove that the tests are inadequate/invalid so someone else can fix them.
5. Write/improve tests for your new feature/bugfix
6. Verify your feature/bugfix passes all of *your* tests as well as all *existing* tests.
7. *Rebase* `your-branch-x` onto `adminion:master`.
8. Again, verify your feature/bugfix passes all of *your* tests as well as all *existing* tests after rebasing.
9. Regenerate API Documentation and run a Coverage Report: `npm run docs && npm run coverage`.
10. Commit and push `your-branch-x` to `your_repo`.
11. Make a pull request from `your_repo:your-branch-x` into `adminion:master`.


If myself or others incorporate bugfixes/minor changes before reviewing your PR, you may be asked to rebase *again* prior to merging your PR.  

## Testing and Coverage

Tests of Friends-Of-Friends are implemented using [Mocha](http://mochajs.org/) and a test coverage reports are generated by [Istanbul](https://gotwarlost.github.io/istanbul/).

Run the tests with:

    $ npm test

and generate a coverage report using:

    npm run coverage

Test files are located in `tests/` and the coverage reports will be generated in `coverage/`.
